# This file is generated.
#
# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the documentation that they own is touched.
#
# It is synced with the codebase, so if you own the integration,
# you will own the docs as well.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Pages
source/_integrations/abode.markdown @shred86
source/_integrations/adguard.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/airly.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/airvisual.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/alexa.markdown @home-assistant/cloud @ochlocracy
source/_integrations/almond.markdown @gcampax @balloob
source/_integrations/alpha_vantage.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/amazon_polly.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/ambiclimate.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/ambient_station.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/androidtv.markdown @JeffLIrion
source/_integrations/apache_kafka.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/api.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/apprise.markdown @caronc
source/_integrations/aprs.markdown @PhilRW
source/_integrations/arcam_fmj.markdown @elupus
source/_integrations/arduino.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/arest.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/asuswrt.markdown @kennedyshead
source/_integrations/aten_pe.markdown @mtdcr
source/_integrations/atome.markdown @baqs
source/_integrations/aurora_abb_powerone.markdown @davet2001
source/_integrations/auth.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/automatic.markdown @armills
source/_integrations/automation.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/avea.markdown @pattyland
source/_integrations/awair.markdown @danielsjf
source/_integrations/aws.markdown @awarecan @robbiet480
source/_integrations/axis.markdown @kane610
source/_integrations/azure_event_hub.markdown @eavanvalkenburg
source/_integrations/azure_service_bus.markdown @hfurubotten
source/_integrations/beewi_smartclim.markdown @alemuro
source/_integrations/bitcoin.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/bizkaibus.markdown @UgaitzEtxebarria
source/_integrations/blink.markdown @fronzbot
source/_integrations/bmw_connected_drive.markdown @gerard33
source/_integrations/braviatv.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/broadlink.markdown @danielhiversen @felipediel
source/_integrations/brother.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/brunt.markdown @eavanvalkenburg
source/_integrations/bt_smarthub.markdown @jxwolstenholme
source/_integrations/buienradar.markdown @mjj4791 @ties
source/_integrations/cert_expiry.markdown @Cereal2nd @jjlawren
source/_integrations/cisco_ios.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/cisco_mobility_express.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/cisco_webex_teams.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/ciscospark.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/cloud.markdown @home-assistant/cloud
source/_integrations/cloudflare.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/comfoconnect.markdown @michaelarnauts
source/_integrations/config.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/configurator.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/conversation.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/coolmaster.markdown @OnFreund
source/_integrations/counter.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/cover.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/cpuspeed.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/cups.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/daikin.markdown @fredrike @rofrantz
source/_integrations/darksky.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/deconz.markdown @kane610
source/_integrations/delijn.markdown @bollewolle
source/_integrations/demo.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/device_automation.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/digital_ocean.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/discogs.markdown @thibmaek
source/_integrations/doorbird.markdown @oblogic7
source/_integrations/dsmr_reader.markdown @depl0y
source/_integrations/dweet.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/ecobee.markdown @marthoc
source/_integrations/ecovacs.markdown @OverloadUT
source/_integrations/egardia.markdown @jeroenterheerdt
source/_integrations/eight_sleep.markdown @mezz64
source/_integrations/elgato.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/elv.markdown @majuss
source/_integrations/emby.markdown @mezz64
source/_integrations/emulated_hue.markdown @NobleKangaroo
source/_integrations/enigma2.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/enocean.markdown @bdurrer
source/_integrations/entur_public_transport.markdown @hfurubotten
source/_integrations/environment_canada.markdown @michaeldavie
source/_integrations/ephember.markdown @ttroy50
source/_integrations/epsonworkforce.markdown @ThaStealth
source/_integrations/eq3btsmart.markdown @rytilahti
source/_integrations/esphome.markdown @OttoWinter
source/_integrations/essent.markdown @TheLastProject
source/_integrations/evohome.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/fastdotcom.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/file.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/filter.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/fitbit.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/fixer.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/flock.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/flume.markdown @ChrisMandich
source/_integrations/flunearyou.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/fortigate.markdown @kifeo
source/_integrations/fortios.markdown @kimfrellsen
source/_integrations/foscam.markdown @skgsergio
source/_integrations/foursquare.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/freebox.markdown @snoof85
source/_integrations/fronius.markdown @nielstron
source/_integrations/frontend.markdown @home-assistant/frontend
source/_integrations/gearbest.markdown @HerrHofrat
source/_integrations/geniushub.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/geo_rss_events.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/geonetnz_quakes.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/geonetnz_volcano.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/gios.markdown @bieniu
source/_integrations/gitter.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/glances.markdown @fabaff @engrbm87
source/_integrations/gntp.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/google_assistant.markdown @home-assistant/cloud
source/_integrations/google_cloud.markdown @lufton
source/_integrations/google_translate.markdown @awarecan
source/_integrations/google_travel_time.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/gpsd.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/group.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/growatt_server.markdown @indykoning
source/_integrations/gtfs.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/harmony.markdown @ehendrix23
source/_integrations/heatmiser.markdown @andylockran
source/_integrations/heos.markdown @andrewsayre
source/_integrations/here_travel_time.markdown @eifinger
source/_integrations/hikvision.markdown @mezz64
source/_integrations/hikvisioncam.markdown @fbradyirl
source/_integrations/hisense_aehw4a1.markdown @bannhead
source/_integrations/history.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/history_graph.markdown @andrey-git
source/_integrations/hive.markdown @Rendili @KJonline
source/_integrations/homeassistant.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/homekit_controller.markdown @Jc2k
source/_integrations/homematic.markdown @pvizeli @danielperna84
source/_integrations/homematicip_cloud.markdown @SukramJ
source/_integrations/honeywell.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/html5.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/http.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/huawei_lte.markdown @scop
source/_integrations/huawei_router.markdown @abmantis
source/_integrations/hue.markdown @balloob
source/_integrations/iaqualink.markdown @flz
source/_integrations/icloud.markdown @Quentame
source/_integrations/ign_sismologia.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/incomfort.markdown @zxdavb
source/_integrations/influxdb.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/input_boolean.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_datetime.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_number.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_select.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/input_text.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/integration.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/intesishome.markdown @jnimmo
source/_integrations/ios.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/iperf3.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/ipma.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/iqvia.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/irish_rail_transport.markdown @ttroy50
source/_integrations/izone.markdown @Swamp-Ig
source/_integrations/jewish_calendar.markdown @tsvi
source/_integrations/juicenet.markdown @jesserockz
source/_integrations/kaiterra.markdown @Michsior14
source/_integrations/keba.markdown @dannerph
source/_integrations/keenetic_ndms2.markdown @foxel
source/_integrations/kef.markdown @basnijholt
source/_integrations/keyboard_remote.markdown @bendavid
source/_integrations/knx.markdown @Julius2342
source/_integrations/kodi.markdown @armills
source/_integrations/konnected.markdown @heythisisnate
source/_integrations/lametric.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/launch_library.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/lcn.markdown @alengwenus
source/_integrations/life360.markdown @pnbruckner
source/_integrations/linky.markdown @Quentame
source/_integrations/linux_battery.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/liveboxplaytv.markdown @pschmitt
source/_integrations/local_ip.markdown @issacg
source/_integrations/logger.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/logi_circle.markdown @evanjd
source/_integrations/luci.markdown @fbradyirl @mzdrale
source/_integrations/luftdaten.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/lupusec.markdown @majuss
source/_integrations/lutron.markdown @JonGilmore
source/_integrations/mastodon.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/matrix.markdown @tinloaf
source/_integrations/mcp23017.markdown @jardiamj
source/_integrations/mediaroom.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/melissa.markdown @kennedyshead
source/_integrations/met.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/meteo_france.markdown @victorcerutti @oncleben31
source/_integrations/meteoalarm.markdown @rolfberkenbosch
source/_integrations/miflora.markdown @danielhiversen @ChristianKuehnel
source/_integrations/mill.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/min_max.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/minio.markdown @tkislan
source/_integrations/mobile_app.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/modbus.markdown @adamchengtkc
source/_integrations/monoprice.markdown @etsinko
source/_integrations/moon.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/mpd.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/mqtt.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/msteams.markdown @peroyvind
source/_integrations/mysensors.markdown @MartinHjelmare
source/_integrations/mystrom.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/neato.markdown @dshokouhi @Santobert
source/_integrations/nello.markdown @pschmitt
source/_integrations/ness_alarm.markdown @nickw444
source/_integrations/nest.markdown @awarecan
source/_integrations/netdata.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/nextbus.markdown @vividboarder
source/_integrations/nilu.markdown @hfurubotten
source/_integrations/nissan_leaf.markdown @filcole
source/_integrations/nmbs.markdown @thibmaek
source/_integrations/no_ip.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/notify.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/notion.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/nsw_fuel_station.markdown @nickw444
source/_integrations/nsw_rural_fire_service_feed.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/nuki.markdown @pvizeli
source/_integrations/nws.markdown @MatthewFlamm
source/_integrations/nzbget.markdown @chriscla
source/_integrations/obihai.markdown @dshokouhi
source/_integrations/ohmconnect.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/ombi.markdown @larssont
source/_integrations/onboarding.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/onewire.markdown @garbled1
source/_integrations/opentherm_gw.markdown @mvn23
source/_integrations/openuv.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/openweathermap.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/orangepi_gpio.markdown @pascallj
source/_integrations/oru.markdown @bvlaicu
source/_integrations/owlet.markdown @oblogic7
source/_integrations/panel_custom.markdown @home-assistant/frontend
source/_integrations/panel_iframe.markdown @home-assistant/frontend
source/_integrations/pcal9535a.markdown @Shulyaka
source/_integrations/persistent_notification.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/philips_js.markdown @elupus
source/_integrations/pi_hole.markdown @fabaff @johnluetke
source/_integrations/pilight.markdown @trekky12
source/_integrations/plaato.markdown @JohNan
source/_integrations/plant.markdown @ChristianKuehnel
source/_integrations/plex.markdown @jjlawren
source/_integrations/plugwise.markdown @laetificat @CoMPaTech @bouwew
source/_integrations/point.markdown @fredrike
source/_integrations/proxmoxve.markdown @k4ds3
source/_integrations/ps4.markdown @ktnrg45
source/_integrations/ptvsd.markdown @swamp-ig
source/_integrations/push.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/pvoutput.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/qld_bushfire.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/qnap.markdown @colinodell
source/_integrations/quantum_gateway.markdown @cisasteelersfan
source/_integrations/qwikswitch.markdown @kellerza
source/_integrations/rainbird.markdown @konikvranik
source/_integrations/raincloud.markdown @vanstinator
source/_integrations/rainforest_eagle.markdown @gtdiehl
source/_integrations/rainmachine.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/random.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/repetier.markdown @MTrab
source/_integrations/rfxtrx.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/ring.markdown @balloob
source/_integrations/rmvtransport.markdown @cgtobi
source/_integrations/roomba.markdown @pschmitt
source/_integrations/saj.markdown @fredericvl
source/_integrations/samsungtv.markdown @escoand
source/_integrations/scene.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/scrape.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/script.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/sense.markdown @kbickar
source/_integrations/sensibo.markdown @andrey-git
source/_integrations/sentry.markdown @dcramer
source/_integrations/serial.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/seventeentrack.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/shell_command.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/shiftr.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/shodan.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/signal_messenger.markdown @bbernhard
source/_integrations/simplisafe.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/sinch.markdown @bendikrb
source/_integrations/slide.markdown @ualex73
source/_integrations/sma.markdown @kellerza
source/_integrations/smarthab.markdown @outadoc
source/_integrations/smartthings.markdown @andrewsayre
source/_integrations/smarty.markdown @z0mbieprocess
source/_integrations/smtp.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/solaredge_local.markdown @drobtravels @scheric
source/_integrations/solarlog.markdown @Ernst79
source/_integrations/solax.markdown @squishykid
source/_integrations/soma.markdown @ratsept
source/_integrations/somfy.markdown @tetienne
source/_integrations/songpal.markdown @rytilahti
source/_integrations/spaceapi.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/speedtestdotnet.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/spider.markdown @peternijssen
source/_integrations/sql.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/starline.markdown @anonym-tsk
source/_integrations/statistics.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/stiebel_eltron.markdown @fucm
source/_integrations/stookalert.markdown @fwestenberg
source/_integrations/stream.markdown @hunterjm
source/_integrations/stt.markdown @pvizeli
source/_integrations/suez_water.markdown @ooii
source/_integrations/sun.markdown @Swamp-Ig
source/_integrations/supla.markdown @mwegrzynek
source/_integrations/surepetcare.markdown @benleb
source/_integrations/swiss_hydrological_data.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/swiss_public_transport.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/switchbot.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/switcher_kis.markdown @tomerfi
source/_integrations/switchmate.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/syncthru.markdown @nielstron
source/_integrations/synology_srm.markdown @aerialls
source/_integrations/syslog.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/tado.markdown @michaelarnauts
source/_integrations/tahoma.markdown @philklei
source/_integrations/tautulli.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/tellduslive.markdown @fredrike
source/_integrations/template.markdown @PhracturedBlue @tetienne
source/_integrations/tesla.markdown @zabuldon @alandtse
source/_integrations/tfiac.markdown @fredrike @mellado
source/_integrations/thethingsnetwork.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/threshold.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/tibber.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/tile.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/time_date.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/tmb.markdown @alemuro
source/_integrations/todoist.markdown @boralyl
source/_integrations/toon.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/tplink.markdown @rytilahti
source/_integrations/traccar.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/tradfri.markdown @ggravlingen
source/_integrations/trafikverket_train.markdown @endor-force
source/_integrations/transmission.markdown @engrbm87 @JPHutchins
source/_integrations/tts.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/twentemilieu.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/twilio_call.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/twilio_sms.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/unifi.markdown @kane610
source/_integrations/unifiled.markdown @florisvdk
source/_integrations/upc_connect.markdown @pvizeli
source/_integrations/upcloud.markdown @scop
source/_integrations/updater.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/upnp.markdown @robbiet480
source/_integrations/uptimerobot.markdown @ludeeus
source/_integrations/usgs_earthquakes_feed.markdown @exxamalte
source/_integrations/utility_meter.markdown @dgomes
source/_integrations/velbus.markdown @cereal2nd
source/_integrations/velux.markdown @Julius2342
source/_integrations/versasense.markdown @flamm3blemuff1n
source/_integrations/version.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/vesync.markdown @markperdue @webdjoe
source/_integrations/vicare.markdown @oischinger
source/_integrations/vivotek.markdown @HarlemSquirrel
source/_integrations/vizio.markdown @raman325
source/_integrations/vlc_telnet.markdown @rodripf
source/_integrations/waqi.markdown @andrey-git
source/_integrations/watson_tts.markdown @rutkai
source/_integrations/weather.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/weblink.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/webostv.markdown @bendavid
source/_integrations/websocket_api.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/wemo.markdown @sqldiablo
source/_integrations/withings.markdown @vangorra
source/_integrations/wled.markdown @frenck
source/_integrations/workday.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/worldclock.markdown @fabaff
source/_integrations/wwlln.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/xbox_live.markdown @MartinHjelmare
source/_integrations/xfinity.markdown @cisasteelersfan
source/_integrations/xiaomi_aqara.markdown @danielhiversen @syssi
source/_integrations/xiaomi_miio.markdown @rytilahti @syssi
source/_integrations/xiaomi_tv.markdown @simse
source/_integrations/xmpp.markdown @fabaff @flowolf
source/_integrations/yamaha_musiccast.markdown @jalmeroth
source/_integrations/yandex_transport.markdown @rishatik92
source/_integrations/yeelight.markdown @rytilahti @zewelor
source/_integrations/yeelightsunflower.markdown @lindsaymarkward
source/_integrations/yessssms.markdown @flowolf
source/_integrations/yi.markdown @bachya
source/_integrations/yr.markdown @danielhiversen
source/_integrations/zeroconf.markdown @robbiet480 @Kane610
source/_integrations/zha.markdown @dmulcahey @adminiuga
source/_integrations/zone.markdown @home-assistant/core
source/_integrations/zoneminder.markdown @rohankapoorcom
source/_integrations/zwave.markdown @home-assistant/z-wave
